ADR for using Pull based(Integrated Vectorization) approach throughout (#629)
Azure-Samples/chat-with-your-data-solution-accelerator: docs/design/adrs/2024-04-08-push-vs-pull-approach-for-search.md

> Using Push API vs Pull (Integrated Vectorization) technique to index data to Azure Search

Reviewer: Do you have a preference for either option?

* **Status** - proposed
* **Proposer:** @komalgrover
* **Date:** 2024-04-08
* **Technical Story:** [https://github.com/Azure-Samples/chat-with-your-data-solution-accelerator/issues/321](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/chat-with-your-data-solution-accelerator/issues/321)

## Context and Problem Statement

> There are two ways to get the data uploaded to the search index i.e using Push based approach or a Pull based approach. This repo is currently using Push based approach in which the developer has more control on how the index is created and what values are put into the index.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are two ways to ingest data to the search index i.e. using Push based approach or a Pull based approach. This repository is currently using Push based approach in which the developer has more control on how the index is created and what values are put into the index.
```

We want to add Integrated vectorization (Pull based approach) and allow user to be able to use both the approaches.

## Decision Drivers
* Coexistance of the same index for both the approaches
* Performance
* Complexity - reduces the overhead of chunking & vectorization

## Design Options

> * Option 1

Reviewer: I think it'll be clearer if we can keep this to a short list and move the descriptions to be under the `### Options N` sections e.g:
```markdown
- Create via Bicep during deployment
- Create via admin app when first document uploaded
```

Create Azure Blob Datasource, skillset & indexer as part of the infra deployment (thorugh bicep files)
Every time a document is uploaded, indexer can be scheduled to run every 5 min and all the chunking, vectorization process happens internally and data gets indexed.

* Option 2

> Create the datasource, skillset, index, indexer when the first document gets uploaded. Can use the create_or_update method for each resource.

Reviewer: Would the indexer still run on a schedule with this option? Or just after a document is uploaded?

In both the above options, the current approach of index creation & index fields will have to be updated, so that the URL embedding feature continues as in using the PUSH based approach.

## Pros and cons of each of the above options

### Option 1
Cons

> * Could not find any documentation how can datasource, skillset, indexer can be created thorugh bicep files.

Reviewer 2: These are data plane operations so we would have to wrap the REST calls: - maybe worth linking to this "Note":- https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/search/search-get-started-bicep?tabs=CLI.
